# LOLC Technologies Knowledge Base

**Contact:** +94 011 500 1121 (076 884 0426)

**About LOLC Technologies**

LOLC Technologies Limited, a fully owned subsidiary of LOLC Group, incorporated in 2004, is an expert in IT Systems integrations. The company holds ISO 9000, ISO 20000, and ISO 27001 certifications.

**Mission:** Facilitating businesses to reach greater heights through innovative and cutting-edge technology solutions. Powering impossibilities by providing tailor-made solutions to clients across the globe.

## What We Are
Bringing you tomorrows technology today.

## What We Do

Our IT Solutions:

*   **ERP and EPM:** Solutions to ease your day-to-day financial and operational activities and increase your business efficiency. [Learn More]
*   **Multi-Cloud Technology:** Gives organizations more flexibility to optimize performance, control costs, and leverage the best cloud technologies available. [Learn More]
*   **Service Transformation & Automation:** Solutions at your fingertips through the latest real-time systems. [Learn More]
*   **GRC, Information Security & Consultancy:** Maximize your investments, delivering envisioned benefits with best practices. [Learn More]
*   **FinTech:** Latest technologies in AI (Artificial Intelligence), cloud computing, block chain, and big data. [Learn More]
*   **MIS & Analytics:** Custom designed insightful dashboards with relevant business improvement information. [Learn More]
*   **Managed Services:** Reducing your expenses with improved service quality. [Learn More]
*   **Database Services:** [Learn More]

## Solutions for Business

*   Banking & Finance
*   Telecommunication
*   Leisure
*   Manufacturing
*   Conglomerates

**Key Metrics:**

*   500+ Happy Users
*   850+ Projects Done
*   350+ Business Partners
*   12+ Awards Winning

## Case Studies
Our Work Speaks

*   LOLC Technologies Boosts Efficiency Through Innovation (Industrial)
*   The Pioneering Journey of LOLC Technologies …
*   HUTCH completes implementation of advanced Oracle … (Industrial / Telecommunication)

## Our Team

### Our Leadership Team

*   **Mr. Conrad Dias:** Director – LOLC Holdings PLC, Director / CEO – LOLC Finance PLC, Chairman of LOLC Technology Limited. Counts over 25 years of experience in sectors such as Trading, Banking. 
*   **Prasanna Siriwardena:** Deputy CEO - LOLC Technology Services Ltd cum Chief Information Officer - LOLC Holdings, General – IT .
*   **Chamini Attanayake:** Chief Operating Officer. Laying an astounding groundwork in education.

## Our Clients

### What Our Clients Say

*   **LECO:** "It is a pleasure we are writing to recommend LOLC technologies. We have worked with LOLC Technologies hand in hand, to accomplish our daily operations pertaining to IT assistance. In our Journey with them LOLC Tech had always been a reliable partner to us."
*   **Windforce PLC, Rusiri Cooray, Financial Controller:** "The Financial consolidation has never been so easy. With Oracle FCCS in place, the monthly consolidation has become much easy for us. Thank you LOLC Tech for helping us to get onboard with Oracle FCCS within such a short period."
*   **NTB:** "The OASYS^ has brought efficeincy in a way to assist our staff to interact with the system easily while maintaining the transpaerncy in all levels. We would like to highlight the asset management module as it adds distinct value addition to the overall solution."
*   **LOLC Cambodia PLC:** "LOLC Cambodia is using OASYS since 2020 and we are using the automated helpdesk system, workflow management system, incident management system and report builder modules."

## Recent Articles
Read Our Latest Articles & Knowledge

*   **Sep 21, 2022 - STARTUPS:** The Pioneering Journey of L...
*   **Jun 16, 2022 - TECHNOLOGY:** LOLC Technologies Boosts Ef...
*   **Jun 14, 2021 - STARTUPS TECHNOLOGY:** Hutch completes successful ...
*   **Apr 02, 2020 - BUSSINESS STARTUPS:** FusionX by LOLC Technology ...
*   **Jan 30, 2025 - BUSSINESS:** LOLC Technologies joins han...
*   **Jan 15, 2025 - EVENT:** Beyond Boundaries: LOLC Tec...
*   **Jan 07, 2025 - BUSSINESS:** LOLC’S Global IT Conference...
*   **Nov 03, 2024 - BUSSINESS:** LOLC Tech and Sanfer partne...
*   **Jul 30, 2024 - TECHNOLOGY:** LOLC Technologies unveils S...
