## HUTCH completes implementation of advanced Oracle …

HUTCH accomplished a major milestone by successfully implementing the latest Oracle Fusion Cloud Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system during the COVID pandemic.

Most legacy ERP systems are deployed on-premises, but Hutch decided to implement a future-proof Oracle Cloud ERP.

The project was facilitated by CK Hutchison group through CKH-IOD, and spearheaded by LOLC Technologies Limited partnered with EVOSYS Global. Hutch also partnered with PWC-Sri Lanka for expert consultancy services.

Lalith Fernando, Chief Financial Officer of Hutch, commented, “The implementation of the Oracle Fusion Cloud ERP system will allow us to transform the business to help achieve our goals while adhering to global best practices. The Oracle ERP system offers advanced capabilities, such as AI to automate manual processes, analytics to react to market shifts in real-time, and automatic updates to stay current and gain a competitive advantage.

The successful on-time implementation of this ERP system was impressive as it was executed almost entirely during the COVID pandemic.

The Oracle Fusion modules comprise Oracle Fusion Supply Chain, Oracle Fusion Finance, and Oracle Integration Cloud (OIC). It offers a unified experience allowing best practices, modernized key operations, and automated Finance & Supply Chain business functions integrating core operations and business support systems (OSS/BSS) in a dynamic Telco environment to provide improved decision making and operational efficiencies.

This ERP project is part of Hutch’s merger with Etisalat Lanka, initiated in 2019, and has led to the modernisation of the entire operation from the deployment of an advanced 4G network and the complete digitalisation of its back-office operations. This will enable Hutch to continue to offer the best mobile broadband experience to its customers at the most affordable rates.