# LOLC Technologies Oracle Partnership

## Partnered with Oracle

### Why choose Oracle?

LOLC Technologies has partnered with Oracle since 2009, providing customers with ERP implementation cloud services and on-premise services. As the leading EPM implementation partner in Sri Lanka, Oracle helps LOLC Technologies' customer base connect next-generation ICT solutions with their business services efficiently. LOLC Technologies has outstanding experience in multi-industries such as BFSI, manufacturing, telecommunication, and services.

Oracle cloud services provide a premium range of services in financials, SCM, EPM, and procurement cloud services. Oracle has been a recommended and reliable partner of LOLC Technologies over the years, being the first to implement Fusion Financials Cloud Service (FCCS) and Fusion ERP implementation with some of the leading telecommunication and international trading companies of Sri Lanka. The partnership with Oracle allows LOLC Technologies to offer a wide range of services and solutions for businesses.

## Oracle E-Business Suite

Oracle E-Business Suite (EBS) is a comprehensive, integrated, and proven ERP solution that enables organizations to make better decisions at a reduced cost. LOLC Technologies provides implementation and consultancy services on Oracle EBS Financials and Oracle Supply Chain Management modules.

### Oracle Financials

Oracle Financials, the core of Oracle E-Business Suite, provides a centralized architecture that standardizes accounting, inter-company operations, and taxation across the organization. Main modules include General Ledger, Accounts Receivable, Accounts Payable, Cash Management, and Fixed Assets.

### Oracle Supply Chain Management

Oracle provides different solutions to manage the supply chain effectively. Oracle Inventory allows organizations to control inventory operations efficiently, reduce inventory levels, and improve overall inventory visibility. The system allows users to track all material in each line of business and each life cycle stage. Oracle Purchasing allows users to efficiently handle all purchasing-related work, including creating Purchase Orders, Request for Quotations (RFQs), and Quotations.

### Oracle Human Resource Management

Oracle E-Business Suite Human Capital Management solution enables companies to manage HR-related data efficiently and effectively. The system provides HR-related functionality and allows users to manage all HR-related operations productively.