# LOLC Technologies - Board of Directors

## Conrad Dias

**Director – LOLC Holdings PLC, Director / CEO – LOLC Finance PLC, Chairman of LOLC Technology Limited.**

FCMA (UK), CGMA, MBCS (UK), MBA (University of Leicester)

Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer LOLC Technologies Limited

Conrad Dias has over 25 years of experience in Trading, Banking and Finance, Assets Management and Manufacturing. He was awarded the CSSL CIO of the Year in 2016 and the Professional Excellence Award 2017 by the Institute of Certified Management Accountants of Sri Lanka. Previous roles include Group CIO of Hirdaramani Group of Companies, AVP of Vanik Incorporations Limited, and Systems Manager Eagle NDB Fund Management Company Limited. He holds an MBA from the University of Leicester and is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants, a Chartered Global Management Accountant, a Fellow of British Computer Society, and a Fellow member of Certified Management Accountants of Sri Lanka. He is an inductee of the CIO hall of fame and CIO 100 honoree for year 2020 and the CIMA top 50 ICONS in the year 2021.

## Prasanna Siriwardena

**DEPUTY CEO - LOLC TECHNOLOGY SERVICES LTD CUM CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER - LOLC HOLDINGS, GENERAL – IT .**

MSc., CISM, MCP, CISA, CoBIT Certified

Prasanna Siriwardena serves as the Deputy CEO – LOLC Technology Services Ltd cum Chief Information Officer – LOLC Holdings, General – IT . He has over 18 years’ experience in Information Security and Information Technology Management, with skills in ISMS, IS Audit, Technical Audit, Security testing, IT contingency planning, Project management, Information system/security auditing and compliance.

Previous experience includes Unit Head, Information Security at International Banking Group of National Bank of Kuwait, Manager / National IT Security Officer at KMPG – Kuwait, Manager – Network Administration at KMPG, and Software Support Executive at East West Information Systems Ltd. He holds an MSc in Information Technology from Keele University – UK and certifications such as Certified Information Security Manager (CISM), Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP), City & Guilds Examinations in Telecommunication, Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA), and CoBIT 5 Foundation Certified (CoBIT).

## Jayantha Kelegama

**CHIEF CREDIT OFFICER - LOLC GROUP**

BA (Hons.)
(University of Delhi)

Joined in 2005. Counts over 18 years of experience in Leasing, Asset Financing, Credit Risk Management and Banking. Jayantha has been appointed as a Director of identified subsidiaries within the LOLC Group.