# LOLC Technologies Limited

## About Us

### OVERVIEW

LOLC Technologies Limited is a fully owned subsidiary of LOLC group with a renowned business history of 32 years which currently holds the ownership of over 100 direct and indirect subsidiary companies operating in diverse business sectors.

The company was initially incorporated as Lanka Orix Information Technology Services Limited in the year 2004 primarily to cater to the Information Technology needs of all the LOLC group of companies. With years of experience in the industry, we have extended ourselves as LOLC Technologies Limited extending our services and business solutions to external customers as well.

We have also developed a strong strategic partnership with the world’s renowned Information Technology solution providers which enabled us to provide high quality and reliable business solutions and technology related services to our clients.

With a strong customer base spread across the country, LOLC Technologies has achieved a reputation of a prominent Business Solutions Provider in Sri Lanka pioneering cutting-edge technology driven business solutions for business ventures in diverse industries on optimizing and automating their core business processes and operations.

### VISION & MISSION

**Vision**

To be the most preferred innovative business technology solution provider

**Mission**

Facilitate reaching greater heights in business, through our innovative, collaborative, cutting edge and partnered business technology solutions

### OUR STRENGTHS

*   More Than 32+ Years: LOLC Technologies delivers high quality, reliable, and cost-effective IT services to customers globally.
*   Backed by one the largest conglomerates with global presence - LOLC Holdings and its strength
*   Team Competency
*   Leaders / Pioneers in implementing ERP & Cloud Tech solutions - Experience
*   Cutting edge tech Product & Strategic Partnership strength
*   Global Reach

### OUR TEAM

Work together for success.

LOLC Technologies comprises a highly competent and dedicated team to provide the best support and consultancy services to our clients.

Our people are our greatest asset. With our team of skilled, experienced, and qualified staff members, we expect to reach greater heights in the industry achieving both operational and service excellence. Our recruitment process ensures that the most suitable and highly skilled prospects are recruited which has enabled the company to maintain its high standards of delivering exceptional service to our clients ensuring the highest level of satisfaction.

### Our Leadership Team

**Mr. Conrad Dias**

Director – LOLC Holdings PLC, Director / CEO – LOLC Finance PLC, Chairman of LOLC Technology Limited

Counts over 25 years of experience and possesses domain expertise in sectors such as Trading, Banking…

**Prasanna Siriwardena**

Deputy CEO - LOLC Technology Services Ltd cum Chief Information Officer - LOLC Holdings, General – IT .

Prasanna Siriwardena serves as the Deputy CEO - LOLC Technology Services Ltd cum Chief Information Officer…

**Chamini Attanayake**

Chief Operating Officer

Laying an astounding groundwork in education, Chamini Attanayake, the COO of LOLC Technology started her career…

### Our Partners