## OUR PEOPLE

Our people are our greatest asset. With our team of skilled, experienced and qualified staff members, we expect to reach greater heights in the industry achieving both operational and service excellence. Our recruitment process ensures that the most suitable and highly skilled prospects are recruited which has enabled the company to maintain its high standards of delivering exceptional service to our clients ensuring highest level of satisfaction.

Our employees receive the opportunity to groom and progress themselves through the extensive on the job and off the job trainings offered which focus on their professional as well as personal development.

LOLC Technologies is the best place for talented individuals with the right attitude and passion to continuously learn and develop their skills and competencies and reach the pinnacle of their careers. The culture and the friendly work environment at LOLC Technologies facilitates continuous learning and creates opportunities for the employees to grow their knowledge and enhance their potential.

### Why join LOLC Technologies?

*   The team based culture which facilitates knowledge sharing
*   On the job learning and continuous training programs
*   Exposure to a network of well experienced IT and business professionals
*   Friendly working atmosphere and organizational culture
*   Groom yourself to become a successful professional

## VACANCIES

### Seeking Careers?

**Development**

Senior DevOps/ DevOps Engineer

Closing Date

APPLY NOW

**Development**

Senior Software Engineer

Closing Date

APPLY NOW